Docs/SPE 260: update and reorganize telemetry metric references (#21965)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/telemetry-metrics/vault/token/count/by_ttl.mdx

### vault.token.count.by_ttl ((#vault-token-count-by_ttl))

Metric type | Value   | Description
----------- | ------- | -----------

> gauge       | number  | Total number of service tokens assigned a particular TTL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gauge       | number  | Total number of service tokens assigned a particular time to live (TTL)
```

> Vault organizes the token count by cluster, namespace, and the time to live

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault organizes the token count by cluster, namespace, and the TTL
```
